Add an initial draft for testing IS-11 (#614)
AMWA-TV/nmos-testing: docs/5.1. Extension - Adding New Tests.md

### Accessing response schemas

```python
self.get_schema(api_name, method, path, status_code)
```

Returns a JSON schema, or None if it is unavailable.

### Validating a JSON schema

```python
self.validate_schema(payload, schema)
```

Raises an exception upon validation failure.

## Adding a new Test Suite

Create a new class in [`nmostesting/suites/`](../nmostesting/suites) with the following content

```py
from ..GenericTest import GenericTest

class IS1101Test(GenericTest):
    """
    Runs IS-11-01-Test
    """
    def __init__(self, apis):
        GenericTest.__init__(self, apis)
```

In `Config.py` find the `SPECIFICATIONS` dictionary and add a new entry

```py
    "is-11": {
        "repo": "nmos-sink-metadata-processing",
        "versions": ["v1.0"], # Only list API versions, the branch suffixes `.x`
        "default_version": "v1.0", # or `-dev` are automatically added
        "apis": {
            "sink-mp": { # This needs to match the base URL for the API as it's used to format the requests
                "name": "Sink Metadata Processing API",
                "raml": "SinkMetadataProcessingAPI.raml"
            }
        }
    },
```

> Following which in `NMOSTesting.py` find the dictronary `TEST_DEFINITIONS` and add a new entry fot the test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following which, in `NMOSTesting.py`, find the dictionary `TEST_DEFINITIONS` and add a new entry for the test

```
